[Music]
do you want this
we're playing a game of phat pH 81st
when Tootie loses oh my goodness look at
all of this this is the most Sarah
shipment ever it's another Lexa's of
hint all right well it's good with the
hint biggest fan of hub motor Electric
skateboards anyways just because the hip
around on a twister board which is a
belt driven system you can accelerate
faster if it takes bumps easier but this
is a much more comparable bordered to
the things I'm used to because yeah it's
heavy but there's not just one motor in
one wheel but it's a dual hub motor
system Wow okay Wow this part is
actually shocking 14 mile range I'm used
to the six mile range on the booster
board so that's actually legit that
would be amazing
still waiting for that 12 mile range
battery from boosted
so this is the Acton s2 as you can see
there's a motor here and a motor on the
other side so it's going to be more
powerful van they're tiny ones like the
blink so this is the one that I made a
video about you're gonna see next week
there's a size comparison with their
smallest one you're the size comparison
so as you can tell it is still submerged
sub-national e substantially shorter so
the battery covers basically the entire
bottom of the board so it's not gonna
have as much flex that's something like
that
so it started to rain outside but
nothing like a good apartment test okay
this thing actually accelerates you can
check out the board link in the
description below but this is not a
electric skateboard review video at all
I'll check it out in a later video
someone I think you guys have noticed
and the past few videos has actually
been a insane frustration of mine for a
few weeks
well not a few weeks ever since I got my
macbook my am 2017 macbook it has been
amazing it has been super speedy
compared to my old 2012 but with that I
had to reinstall all of my software's
all of my Adobe products and also the
software that I use within Premiere to
color grade something didn't install
properly things aren't talking to each
other correctly but the root of the
problem is this third-party software
that has been causing insane glitches in
my videos you haven't seen the most
insane ones but the things that you have
seen are the like three frames of video
of just like crazy contrast II saturated
like gross Ness what you haven't then
seeing is me on the other side of things
doing videos that will usually take me
six hours to edit and finish and export
they have now taken me like 20 plus
hours multiple days to finish videos I
have been missing uploads because of
this just cuz I'm stubborn and my videos
have to be like coloured properly I like
the way they look I want I want them to
feel like my video and I feel
that can't happen unless the color is
right I've been trying to find
workarounds with the software so I'll
export like six versions of a video and
on the seventh time me using media
encoder and rendering only certain files
and exporting and a different codec
maybe it works a seventh time and I say
hallelujah I upload it and then I move
on but I was so busy it's hard to just
like stop and focus in on the problem
and try to fix that problem so I kept
running into the same room over over and
over again it's just been an insane
frustration I and I've been getting a
lot of comments about it like oh my god
what is what are these random flashes in
your videos I have now like had the time
to ten minutes to sit down and like file
a report to the magic bullet support but
when you're constantly creating it's
it's just it's impossible to stop to try
to fix things so you just gotta move on
so basically I'm gonna just try to color
and make things look pretty and premiere
and maybe it'll be a good learning
opportunity for me and also you'll once
I really dive into the color correcting
tools and premiere maybe I can come back
around and show you guys a thing or two
and yeah that's it's just been an insane
annoyance that has been hindering me
from literally doing my job it's a
problem when things that should take you
six hours take you 24 to 48 hours so
hopefully there will be no more random
glitches flashes in these videos okay
moving on I found some old hard drives
[Music]
some of the videos I've seen and some of
them were just a blast from a pass and I
thoroughly enjoyed watching them
laughing cringing I share some of these
with you so this first one is a
basketball video I used to be a baller I
still would if I practice I need to get
out and play smash school this is a
basketball video that my dad put them
together I don't really talk about this
a lot but my dad is actually a big
reason why I'm doing what I'm doing
right now I shot my first videos on his
Canon t3i and he was always in iMovie
doing stuff and making cool cat home
video type things my basketball number
was twenty two or twenty two or twelve I
was a point guard I got those handling
skills yeah oh it's tough this girl and
nothing yes get stuffed up transition
this edit is so good I wish you guys
could hear the real song whose to coast
oh wow
pretty sure that was a trouble yeah but
I made the shot aggressive yeah
three-pointer yeah so I was a freshman I
think freshman in high school
hmm I missed the game something that I'm
not good at is dancing so I was in this
advanced theater class eighth grade in
middle school and it was called play
ball
so we geared up for a play at the end of
the year I was the town fool but we do
these weird lip-syncing dance things at
pep rallies and I'm so glad that this
was recorded and documented forever this
is us doing the Thriller dance and I I'm
the one who's basically on the outside
like far away from the group
knowing what I'm doing I don't know
maybe I got some moves here we go so I'm
not fourth one who almost trips I'm the
one with the olive green shirt on yeah
there we go so so far we know I can clap
okay yeah oh my god I was so far away
from everyone
oh no the zoom in the zoom in look how
serious I am guys and look the
cheerleaders are over there just like
judging oh no that's the dance team so
basically you have the dance team to the
right just like what are these people
doing this is awful my god oh wow okay
it's beautiful I was just honestly I'm
surprised I'm not a professional dancer
last but certainly not least you guys
are gonna enjoy this one
I was pretty hardcore with my Gibson Les
Paul I did go through a phase where I
listened to screamo music and only
played hardcore stuff on my guitar so
this is me and a homie you playing carol
of the bells by August Burns Red here we
go
[Music]
[Applause]
sizing
[Music]
[Applause]
there's some off notes in there
get it together
[Music]
[Applause]
honestly I'm pretty sure we filmed us
like 30 different times ticking
[Music]
[Applause]
pick slide
all right I honestly don't know what you
think of me please don't unsubscribe I
hope you guys enjoyed that blast from
the past and hopefully there weren't any
crazy glitches or weird things in this
video I will see you next week next week
it's gonna be good we have some epic
videos but also some things starting and
videos being uploaded that I've been
wanting to do for a while so get ready
because things are just they just keep
getting more creative over here watch
out
now watch out watch YouTube watch
YouTube calm / sir DG remember stay
peachy okay
[Music]